# So-Fresh-So-Clean
Classifying Room Cleanliness with Convolutional Neural Networks
   # ReadMe
   The current landscape of the hospitality service industry relies on delayed host and consumer feedback to evaluate their property environments. For companies like Airbnb this means the host must provide a clean property between each guest entry. Other companies manage the properties offsite and send a cleaning service between each patron without knowing the state of the property. These problems we feel can be prevented or streamlined by providing companies, clients and hosts with more real time information on the condition of the property. 
   
   Taking the guesswork out of cleanliness. For our project we wanted to train a convolutional neural network to classify a room as dirty or clean. We feel that while this may seem like a simplistic implementation of CNN's if we can create an accurate enough model there will be plenty of viable ways our algorithm can be applied. Our interest lies in the hospitality services market, where people are becoming increasingly comfortable living in and maintaining other peoples' residences. While Airbnb places the onus on the host to maintain a clean environment for each guest, they are unable to verify the that this has been done until the guest provides a review after the fact. The inability to validate or screen the current state of their properties has left the door open for competitors to emerge, with the promise of more quality assurance and consistent property maintenance. However, even for these other companies who take on the role of maintaining their properties, they must employ a rather inefficeint process of paying for each property to be cleaned after each guest. And while this may be preferable to the clientelle, it often results in inefficient monetary expenses due to the lack of current data these companies have on their properties.
    
   We feel that any company in this  market would have an advantage if they were able to determine the condition of each property after a patron had checked out. For a company like Airbnb this could provide valuable additional profile information for the individuals who list their property on their website. And for a company like Domio this could greatly streamline their over-generalized cleaning procedure, or possibly result in a groundup restructuring of how properties are passed on from one patron to the next.
  
  For example, instead of paying a flat fee for a cleaning service to do an arbitrary amount of work this algorithm, at the very least, would provide the hospitality service a way to measure the amount of work that needs to be done. And at the most our model could exist at the center of an ecosystem in which the party checking out and checking in agree to a certain level of cleanliness and save money as a result, completley cutting out the need for an intermediate cleaning team.
  
  The purpose of this project is to train a convolutional neural network on labeled images of clean and dirty kitchens, living rooms and bedrooms. With the hope of constructing a model that can accurately determine the cleanliness of a room. 
